c:\users\destroyer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\Vk.exe.config
c:\users\destroyer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\Vk.exe
c:\users\destroyer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\Vk.pdb
c:\users\destroyer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\destroyer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\destroyer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\VkNet.dll
c:\users\destroyer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\destroyer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\destroyer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\destroyer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\VkNet.xml
c:\users\destroyer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vk\Vk\obj\Debug\Vk.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\destroyer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vk\Vk\obj\Debug\Vk.Form1.resources
c:\users\destroyer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vk\Vk\obj\Debug\Vk.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\destroyer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vk\Vk\obj\Debug\Vk.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\destroyer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vk\Vk\obj\Debug\Vk.exe
c:\users\destroyer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vk\Vk\obj\Debug\Vk.pdb
c:\users\destroyer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\destroyer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\destroyer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vk\Vk\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\destroyer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vk\Vk\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\destroyer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Vk\Vk\obj\Debug\Vk.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\s24-rp\Desktop\VkMusicPlayer\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\Vk.exe.config
C:\Users\s24-rp\Desktop\VkMusicPlayer\Vk\Vk\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\s24-rp\Desktop\VkMusicPlayer\Vk\Vk\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\s24-rp\Desktop\VkMusicPlayer\Vk\Vk\obj\Debug\Vk.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\s24-rp\Desktop\VkMusicPlayer\Vk\Vk\obj\Debug\Vk.exe
C:\Users\s24-rp\Desktop\VkMusicPlayer\Vk\Vk\obj\Debug\Vk.pdb
C:\Users\s24-rp\Desktop\VkMusicPlayer\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\Vk.exe
C:\Users\s24-rp\Desktop\VkMusicPlayer\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\Vk.pdb
C:\Users\s24-rp\Desktop\VkMusicPlayer\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\s24-rp\Desktop\VkMusicPlayer\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\s24-rp\Desktop\VkMusicPlayer\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\VkNet.dll
C:\Users\s24-rp\Desktop\VkMusicPlayer\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\s24-rp\Desktop\VkMusicPlayer\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\s24-rp\Desktop\VkMusicPlayer\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\s24-rp\Desktop\VkMusicPlayer\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\VkNet.xml
C:\Users\s24-rp\Desktop\VkMusicPlayer\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\s24-rp\Desktop\VkMusicPlayer\Vk\Vk\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\s24-rp\Desktop\VkMusicPlayer\Vk\Vk\obj\Debug\Vk.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\s24-rp\Desktop\VkMusicPlayer\Vk\Vk\obj\Debug\Vk.Form1.resources
C:\Users\s24-rp\Desktop\VkMusicPlayer\Vk\Vk\obj\Debug\Vk.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\s24-rp\Desktop\VkMusicPlayer\Vk\Vk\obj\Debug\Vk.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
